GICSAFe Researchers: Good morning, Trenes Argentino's authorities. We arranged this meeting to hear about the results of using the Railway Network Analyzer (RNA) for designing the signalling system at Belgrano C station. How did RNA perform? what impact did it have on the interlocking table generation process? 

Trenes Argentinos Authorities: The tool has significantly reduced the time required to generate accurate interlocking tables. The signals generated were approximately where our new signalling was installed two years ago. RNA also suggested dividing two long routes, adding two new stops before Juramento level crossing where we had some accidents reported in the past. 

GICSAFe Researcher: That's fantastic news! we're thrilled to hear that RNA delivered accurate results efficiently. Our goal was to create a tool that streamlines the interlocking table generation process without compromising mobility and safety. How was the integration of railML files with RNA?

Trenes Argentinos Authorities: We used the railML file for Belgrano C generated by GICSAFe based on the railway layout we provided. We would need to invest time in training our signalling engineers prior to defining the station ourselves under railML standards. We will prioritize the stations we plan to renovate the signalling in order to use RNA as a main support tool.

GICSAFe Researcher: Thank you for highlighting the importance of integrating RNA within the next design processes. We understand that defining the railway topologies in railML is a time-consuming process but it is compensated by far with the time you save using RNA. The railML generated by RNA can also be used with other railML-based software for rolling stock and timetable analysis. We appreciate your willingness to undertake this effort.

Trenes Argentinos Authorities: RNA would have been a very useful tool when Belgrano C was been designed. We are excited to continue utilizing RNA and working together in future signalling designs.

GICSAFe Researcher: We value your partnership in this journey of advancing railway signalling design. Your investment will not only benefit Belgrano C station but also contribute to the broader advancement of the railway industry as a whole.

Trenes Argentinos Authorities: We look forward to future RNA updates and the railML workshop in the incoming months.
